We're going to start using Gawker.
But before we do that we need to do a quick install on our computer so we have access to docker.
Again I'm using a Mac here but I'll leave resources so you can do this on Windows and Linux machines
as well.
So don't worry all we need to do is if we just type installing docker we have our installed docker documentation.
It should be the first thing that comes up on Google.
And here if you scroll down to desktop these are the two options that you have.
One is docker for Mac or dock or for Windows.
Nice and simple if you are running Linux then you might have to go a little bit down down to something
like Dr E or Dockerty and download with the with your distribution of Linux.
Again I'll leave resources for you to follow.
If that is the case but for Mac and Windows do one of these.
It's docker for Mac and Daka for Windows.
Very nice and simple to install.
All we need to do is just simply download this package and added to our application folders.
Again just by clicking download you'll be able to get Dr..
Now I already have it installed for myself.
So all I need to do is open up the docker application see that we have a new version.
Will do that later and I have Dharker up and running now.
You can see that daquiri is starting.
And now we just have to give it a bit of time while it starts and once it's ready.
This building is going to show me a green light and that means we're good to go.
Good to use Dr where your doctor is running.
And now that we have docker installed we now have access to some comments in our terminal and we're
able to create containers and run containers niceties right in the next videos we're going to start
creating our own images and learning some darker commands.
So get your doctor set up on your machine and I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.